# Payoneer PHP SDK

A unofficial PHP wrapper for Payoneer API

## Supported functions

#### Get signup link

> The token is unique and is generated by Payoneer specifically for each sign-up session.

```
public function getToken(request\PayeeSignupRequest $request) {}
```

#### Get signup link with auto fill data

> The token is unique and is generated by Payoneer specifically for each sign-up session.

```
public function getTokenXML(request\PayeeSignupAutoPopulationRequest $request) {}
```

#### Get API status

> This method provides the status of the API and payout

```
public function getApiStatus() {}
```

#### Get API version

> This method provides the API version.

```
public function getVersion() {}
```

#### Perform payout payment

> This method, if successful, creates a payment request in the Payoneer system. Prior to issuing payment
> instructions, the partner’s account balance in the Payoneer system must be credited relative to the
> payment request. Payout instruction submission will fail if the partner’s account balance does not have
> sufficient funds to perform the account loads. In addition the payee ID must be active.

```
public function performPayoutPayment(request\PerformPayoutPaymentRequest $request) {}
```

#### Get payment status

> This method, if successful, reports the status of a payment that was earlier sent to the Payoneer system.

```
public function getPaymentStatus($payeeId, $paymentId) {}
```

#### Get account details

> This method returns the partner’s available account balance.

```
public function getAccountDetails() {}
```

#### Get payee details
    
> This method returns details about the requested payee and his status at Payoneer.

```
public function getPayeeDetails($payeeId) {}
```

#### Change payee id

> This method changes the ID of an existing payee (old) to a new one.

```
public function changePayeeId($oldId, $newId) {}
```

#### Get payees report
    /**
> This method returns all payments made to payees, grouped by payment method.

```
public function getPayeesReport($startDate, $endDate) {}
```

#### Get single payee report

> This method returns all payments made to a single payee.

```
public function getSinglePayeeReport($payeeId) {}
```

#### Get unclaimed payments

> This method returns an array of all payments that have not yet been claimed.

```
public function getUnclaimedPayments() {}
```

#### Get unclaimed payments csv

> This method returns a CSV string of all payments that have not yet been claimed.

```
public function getUnclaimedPaymentsCSV() {}
```

#### Move payee program

> This method returns a CSV string of all payments that have not yet been claimed.

```
public function movePayeeProgram() {}
```

#### Cancel a payment

> This method cancels a payment that has not yet been processed and loaded to an account.

```
public function cancelPayment($paymentId) {}
```

#### ICPN Callback

You must create your own ICPN code (see PayoneerPayouts_IntegrationGuide2.49.pdf) and setup ICPN callback link in your Payoneer partner admin panel.


##  Authors and Contributors

Make with love to Payoneer

In 2016, PhuHM ([@hmphu][1]), [http://hmphu.com][2]

##  Support or Contact

Having trouble? [contact me][3]

[1]: https://github.com/hmphu
[2]: http://www.hnphu.com
[3]: mailto:me@hmphu.com